Grandma, take care of your children
Are we still young?
Hangjiang is 28 years old
In a few days
You will be 24 years old
Grandma, trust me.
The grandson of a good friend is not much worse
But man's biological nature, his playfulness
You had a baby early
Reassure him
It's getting late
You should rest early.
Do you think we are nosy?
It's your mother and you too
I live with my child Anton and my father-in-law as husband and wife
And company related
Grandma, look what you introduced to me.
I just got promoted less than half a year ago
Running around with my boss every day
You can't do this when you're idle
You're right, too.
This family?
Of course it is important
But the girl's house
You have to have your own business
You can still make money.
Only at home has the voice over
Yes, grandma, look at you
As expected of burning yourself
The People's Teacher Who Illuminates Others
It's mentally transparent
Right?
Miss Si, what do you want to do?
Lawyer Lin
Could you please tell Mr. Huang?
I can't go to a lawyer for the time being
Miss Sun, we can't be untrustworthy, right?
The divorce agreement was also signed
We agreed to go through the divorce formalities today
Why did you return to me?
Not ignoring me
It's just a temporary step back, okay?
Why are you stepping back?
My grandma is sick.
He talks about his grandson-in-law every day now
If I tell him to divorce now
I'm afraid my body can't take it
I just want to wait for grandma to get better
I'll go through the formalities again